Bad Boys is a series of American action comedy films starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence as two detectives
 in the Miami Police Department, Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett. 
 The series was created by George Gallo. Joe Pantoliano appears
  in all four films, and Theresa Randle appears in the first three
   films being replaced by Tasha Smith in the fourth film. Michael
    Bay directed the first two films and Adil & Bilall directed the 
    third and fourth. Gabrielle Union, who starred in the second installment, 
    later starred alongside Jessica Alba in a spin-off television series, L.A.'s Finest.
The series has grossed over $1 billion worldwide. The first and fourth films received
 mixed reviews from critics, the second was unfavorably received and the third had a
  generally positive reception.





  bad boys 1
  Detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett have 72 hours to find $100 million worth of heroin before Internal Affairs shuts them
   down. Mike becomes more invo
  lved after a friend is murdered by the drug dealers
  . Matters become complicated when Mike and Marcus have to switch places to c
  onvince a witness of the murder to cooperate.

Principal photography began on June 27 in downtown Miami and wrapped August 31, 1994.


bad boys 2
Mike and Marcus head up a task force investigating the flow of ecstasy into Miami. 
Their search leads to a dangerous kingpin Johnny Tapia, whose plan to control the city's 
drug traffic has touched off an underground war. Meanwhile, Mike and Syd, Marcus's sister, 
are in a secret relationship.

bad boys 3
In June 2008, Michael Bay stated that he might direct Bad Boys for Life,
 but that the greatest obstacle to the potential sequel would be the cost, 
 as he and Will Smith demand some of the highest salaries in the film industry.[
    1] By August 2009, Columbia Pictures had hired Peter Craig to write the script 
    for Bad Boys III.[2] In February 2011, Martin Lawrence reiterated that the film 
    was in development.[3] In June 2014, Jerry Bruckheimer announced that screenwriter
     David Guggenheim was working on the storyline for the sequel.[4] Two months later,
      Lawrence said a script had been written and parts had been cast.[5] By June 2015,
       director Joe Carnahan was in early talks to write and possibly direct the film.[
        6] Two months later, Sony Pictures Entertainment announced that Bad Boys III would be
         released on February 17, 2017. On March 4, 2016, the film was pushed to June 2, 2017
         .[7] Producers had planned to begin production in early 2017.[8]


         bad boys 4
         In January 2020, a fourth film entered development, with Chris Bremner serving as screenwriter.
          Smith and Lawrence will reprise their roles from the previous three movies.[23] In April 2022,
           production for the film was reportedly halted due to the incident with Smith slapping Chris
            Rock at the 2022 Academy Awards ceremony and the subsequent investigation.[24] In February 
            2023, Smith announced that the fourth film was in pre-production.[25] That same month,
             it was reported by musician/disc jockey Questlove that Smith had to drop out of a planned
              surprise appearance at the 65th Grammy Awards because filming for the fourth Bad Boys film 
              had started earlier that week.[26] Principal photography began on April 3, 2023 in Atlanta,
               Georgia.[27] The film was released in the United States on June 6, 2024.[28]





             actresses
        
Will Smith
Mike Lowrey
Martin Lawrence
Martin Lawrence
Marcus Burnett
Vanessa Hudgens
Vanessa Hudgens
Kelly
Alexander Ludwig
Alexander Ludwig
Dorn
Paola Núñez
Paola Núñez
Rita(as Paola Nuñez)
Eric Dane
Eric Dane
McGrath
Ioan Gruffudd
Ioan Gruffudd
Lockwood
Jacob Scipio
Jacob Scipio
Armando
Melanie Liburd
Melanie Liburd
Christine
Tasha Smith
Tasha Smith
Theresa
Rhea Seehorn
Rhea Seehorn
Judy
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish
Tabitha
Joe Pantoliano
Joe Pantoliano
Captain Howard
DJ Khaled
DJ Khaled
Manny(as Khaled 'DJ Khaled' Khaled)
John Salley
John Salley
Fletcher
Bianca Bethune
Bianca Bethune
Megan
Dennis Greene
Reggie(as Dennis McDonald)
Quinn Hemphill
Quinn Hemphill
Callie