The Fast and the Furious" redirects here. For the franchise's first film, see The Fast
 and the Furious (2001 film). For the 1954 film after which the series is titled, see 
 The Fast and the Furious (1954 film). For the fourth film, see Fast & Furious (2009 f
 ilm). For other uses, see The Fast and the Furious (disambiguation).
Fast & Furious
Official franchise logo
Created by	Gary Scott Thompson
Original work	The Fast and the Furious (2001)
Owner	Universal Pictures
Years	2001–present
Based on	Racer X by Ken Li[1]
Films and television
Film(s)	List of films
Short film(s)	List of short films
Animated series	Fast & Furious Spy Racers (2019–2021)
Games
Traditional	Fast & Furious: Highway Heist
Video game(s)	List of video games
Audio
Soundtrack(s)	List of soundtracks
Original music	List of music
Miscellaneous
Toy(s)	List of toys
Theme park attraction(s)	The Fast and the Furious: Extreme Close-Up
Fast & Furious: Supercharged
Official website
Official website
Fast & Furious, also known as The Fast and the 
Furious, is a media franchise centered on a series of ac
tion films that are largely concerned with street racing, 
heists, spies, and family. The franchise also includes short f
ilms, a television series, toys, video games, live shows, and theme
 park attractions. The films are distributed by Universal Pictures.
The first film, based on the 1998 Vibe magazi
ne article "Racer X" by Ken Li and written by Gary Sc
ott Thompson, Erik Bergquist, and David Ayer, was released in 2001. It began the original tetralogy of 
films focused on illegal street racing, which culminated in the film Fast & Furious (2009). The series 
moved towards heists and spying with Fast Five (2011), which was follow
ed by five sequels in that genre, the most recent of
 which, Fast X, was released on May 19, 2023.

Universal expanded the series to include the spin-off film Ho
bbs & Shaw (2019), while its subsidiary DreamWorks Animation followed this with the 
six-season animated streaming television series Fast & Furious Spy Racers (2019–2021).
 Soundtrack albums have been released for all the films, as well as compilation albums
  containing existing music heard in the films. Two short films that tie into the series 
  have also been released.
The series has been commercially successful. It is 
's biggest franchise and the eighth highest-grossing film series, with a combined gross of 
over $7 billion.[2] Critical reception for the first four films was mixed until the fifth and 
later films, which were more positively received. Outside of the films, Fast & Furious has been
 the focus of other media, including attractions at Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal S
 tudios Florida, live shows, commercials, toys, and video games.