Uncle Drew is a 2018 American sports comedy film directed by Charles Stone III and written by Jay Longino. It stars Kyrie Irving as the title chara
cter from his Pepsi Max advertisements that began airing in 2012, along with former
 NBA players Shaquille O'Neal, Chris Webber, Reggie Miller, and Nate Robinson, as w
 ell as former WNBA player Lisa Leslie. Lil Rel Howery, Erica Ash, J. B. Smoove, Mik
 e Epps, Tiffany Haddish, Nick Kroll, and Aaron Gordon also star.[4]
The film was released in the United States by Lionsgate on June 29, 2018, an
d received mixed reviews from critics, who praised the performances of the ca
st, but called the direction and screenplay "formulaic".[5]

In Harlem, Dax Winslow is the underappreciated basketball coach of the Harlem Money and their star player, Casper Jones. Dax spends lavishly to keep both his girlfriend, Jess, and Casper happy, despite being a clerk at Foot Locker. During practice Mookie Bass, Dax's longtime rival, arrives and taunts him about the upcoming Rucker Classic. In a dream sequence, it is revealed that Dax wa
s an orphan who planned on becoming a basketball player, but was humiliated
 by Mookie after he had a shot blocked by him in their youth. The next day at 
 work Casper demands expensive new shoes from Dax, who effectively bankrupts hims
 elf purchasing them. Despite this, Mookie successfully recruits Casper and the rest 
 of Dax's team away from him, leading to a confrontation involving Dax forcibly trying 
 to remove Casper's shoes that is filmed and shown on ESPN. Due to this humiliation, Jess
  dumps him and kicks him out of her apartment.
Dejected, Dax has little luck finding players for a new team until the cantankerous Angelo
 encourages him to seek out Uncle Drew, a well-remembered streetball legend who, along with 
 his team, disappeared after missing the finals of the 1968 Rucker. After seeing a demonstrat
 ion of Drew's prowess, Dax recruits him for the team, neglecting to inform him about the priz
 e money. Drew agrees to join Dax under the condition that they recruit his original teammates.

Kyrie Irving as Uncle Drew, a streetball legend.
Shaquille O'Neal as Big Fella, Uncle Drew's former teammate who now runs a martial arts dojo.
Chris Webber as Preacher, Uncle Drew's former teammate who is now a church minister.
Reggie Miller as Wilbur "Lights" Wallace, Uncle Drew's former teammate who is legally blind.
Nate Robinson as Boots, Uncle Drew's former teammate who has catatonic schizophrenia.
Lisa Leslie as Betty Lou, Preacher's wife.
Aaron Gordon as Casper Jones, a streetball player
Lil Rel Howery as Dax Winslow, a streetball team manager.
Ashton Tyler as Young Dax
Erica Ash as Maya, Boots' granddaughter and Dax's love interest.
J.B. Smoove as Angelo, a Harlem resident who remembers Uncle Drew.
Mike Epps as Louis, a Harlem resident who is Angelo's friend.
Tiffany Haddish as Jess, Dax's materialistic ex-girlfriend and Mookie's girlfriend.
Nick Kroll as Mookie Bass, Dax's longtime rival.
Wesley Witherspoon as Mario, a streetball player.
Barry Rohrssen as a referee.