Bad Trip is a 2021 American hidden camera comedy film directed by Kitao Sakurai. 
The film follows two best friends (Eric André and Lil Rel Howery) who take a roa
d trip from Florida to New York City so one of them can declare his love for his h
igh school crush (Michaela Conlin), all the while being chased by the other's 
criminal sister (Tiffany Haddish), whose car they have stolen for the trip.[3]
Bad Trip was scheduled to premiere at South by Southwest on March 14, 2020, an
d receive a theatrical release by Orion Pictures on April 17, 2020, but was postp
oned indefinitely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was accidentally released on Am
azon Prime Video on April 17 and pirated prior to its official release. The film wa
s later sold to Netflix, which released it on March 26, 2021. Bad Trip received generally positive r
views from critics.



In small-town Florida, Chris is working at a car wash
 when a woman, Maria, arrives. Chris tells the man whose car he's washin
 g that she is his high school crush. He begins to vacuum the car, but th
 e overpowered vacuum sucks his clothes off, leaving him naked. He panics and hides in the ca
r. The man has a conversation with Maria, attempting to get her number for Chris, but she declines and leaves.
Chris' best friend, Bud, is working at a computer shop, where his sister, Tri
na, pulls up in her car. After having a conversation with two customers, she b
egs Bud for money, but he refuses. Although on house arrest, she robs the store
 and removes her ankle monitor, gives money to the two customers, warning them n
 ot to snitch. Later, Chris and Bud talk about Trina, Maria, and going on big adventures.



 One year later, a plumber enters Chris' house 
 and Chris surprises him by rising from a bathtub full of beer 
 cans. Chris realises he's late and runs to his new job at a smoot
 hie shop, causing chaos along the way. Maria enters the shop, and t
 hey have a conversation,
  where she reveals she runs an art gallery in New York City. She gi
  ves him her card for the gallery. Looking at the card causes him t
  o lose focus and accidentally catch his hand in a smoothie blender, splattering 
  blood everywhere.
He later asks advice from an old man, who tells him to follow Maria
 to New York. Chris then sings a musical number called "I Saw a Girl
  Today" to the confusion of everyone around him. Talking with Bud on
   the bus, they make the ultimate plan for a road trip to New York. 
   Chris gets the idea to steal Trina's car, which Bud first opposes, but Chris reminds him th
   at Trina's in jail.




   Bud pays to remove the car from impound. Meanwhile, Trina escapes from jail. 
   She finds out her car was taken and plans to kill Bud and Chris, stealing a p
   olice car to hunt them down. Chris and Bud wreck a gas station pump, go drinkin
   g at a "redneck" bar where Chris vomits uncontrollably and falls off a high led
   ge after having too many shots, and visit a zoo where Chris is raped by
    a gorilla after breaking into its enclosure to take a selfie with it.
They later crash Trina's car and get into a big argument, ending their frie
ndship, until an ROTC recruiter tells Chris some words of wisdom. Chris finds 
Bud on a bus back to Florida, and they make up, finally making it to Maria's art
 gallery. Trina sees her damaged car and finding Maria’s business card covered w
 ith Chris' blood, she continues to hunt them down. After Chris declares his lov
 e for Maria, she rejects him before Trina drives through the art gallery wall, attacking Chris with various pieces of art.

 Eric André as Chris Carey
Lil Rel Howery as Bud Malone
Tiffany Haddish as Trina Malone
Michaela Conlin as Maria Li