Central Intelligence is a 2016 American buddy action comedy film dire
cted by Rawson Marshall Thurber and written by Thurber, Ike Barinholtz and D
avid Stassen. The film stars Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart as two old high school classmates who go on th
e run after one of them joins the CIA to save the world from a terrorist who intends to sell satellite codes.
The film premiered in Los Angeles on June 10, 2016, and was theatrically released in the 
United States on June 17, 2016. Central Intelligence received praise from critics for Johns
on and Hart's performances but criticism for the script, and was commercially successful, gr
ossing over $217 million worldwide against its $60 million budget.



In 1996, star athlete Calvin "The Golden Jet" Joyner is being h
onored at his school, Central High. Halfway through his speech, a 
group of bullies led by Trevor Olson throws the morbidly obese nerd 
Robbie Weirdicht (who was taking a shower and dancing happily to "My 
Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" on a radio in the boys’ locker room) naked into
 the gymnasium in the middle of an assembly. Everyone starts laughing ex
 cept for Joyner and his girlfriend, Maggie Johnson, who are the only ones
  sympathetic towards Weirdicht; the former even going as far as to quickly
   cover him with his varsity jacket in a moment of compassion. He thanks Joyner and flees in humiliation and embarrassment.
Twenty years later, Joyner is married to Maggie and works as a forensic accou
ntant, but is dissatisfied with his career. She suggests they see a therapist 
to salvage their deteriorating marriage. At work, Joyner receives a friend requ
est on Facebook from "Bob Stone", who invites him to meet at a bar. Stone reveal
s himself to be Weirdicht, who has transformed into a muscular, fit, confident man
 with advanced hand-to-hand combat skills.


 After a bar fight and tour of the school, Stone as
 ks Joyner to review some online transactions, and he disco
 vers a multimillion-dollar auction with bidders from radical 
 countries, with the final bids set to conclude the following day. 
 The next morning, a team of CIA agents led by Pamela Harris arrives at
  Joyner's in search of Stone, who shockingly vanished after sleeping on Joyner’s
  couch. Harris tells Joyner that he is a dangerous rogue agent who murdered his f
  ormer partner, Phil Stanton.

  Harris tells Joyner tha
  t Stone intends to sell satellite codes to the highe
  st bidder. Soon after Stone abducts him, explaining tha
  t he is trying to stop a mysterious criminal called the "Blac
   Badger" from selling the codes but needs Joyner's skills to locate the 
   meeting place. After an attack by a bounty hunter, Joyner flees and cal
   ls Maggie, telling her to meet him at the marriage counselor's office. 
   Harris intercepts him, telling him that Stone is the Black Badger. She 
   warns him to not tell Maggie and gives him a device to alert them to Stone's location.
Joyner meets Maggie for their marriage counseling session, where Stone is p
osing as the counselor. Stone convinces Joyner to help him, so he sets up
 a meeting with Olson, who can track the offshore account for the auction t
 o get the deal's location. Olson feigns an apology for bullying Stone befo
 re once again antagonizing him. Harris calls Joyner and threatens to arres
 t Maggie if he fails to help them detain Stone. Joyner reluctantly betrays
  him, and the CIA arrests him.
 
Dwayne Johnson as Bob Stone / Robbie Weirdicht: A former bullied, morbidly obese, friendless, socially awkward high school student turned big-bodied CIA agent and hand-to-hand combatant who is a movie fan obsessed with Sixteen Candles and Road House.
Sione Kelepi as Young Robbie Weirdicht (body double)
Kevin Hart as Calvin "Golden Jet" Joyner: A former popular star athlete who went to high school with Robbie, now working as an accountant.
Amy Ryan as Agent Pamela Harris: A CIA agent who suspects Bob is a rogue agent.
Aaron Paul as Philip "Phil" Stanton: Bob's former partner, who is believed to be dead after apparently being killed in action.
Danielle Nicolet as Maggie Joyner: Calvin's high school sweetheart now turned wife.
Timothy John Smith as Agent Nicholas "Nick" Cooper.
Megan Park as Lexi, the waitress in the bar.
Thomas Kretschmann as the buyer: A man who wants to buy US satellite codes.
Jason Bateman as Trevor Olson: A former high school student who bullied Robbie in the past.
Dylan Boyack as Young Trevor
Melissa McCarthy as Darla McGuchian (uncredited): Robbie's former high school crush.
Kumail Nanjiani as Jared: the airport security guard.
Ryan Hansen as Steve