Prison Break is an American crime drama television series created by Paul Scheuring 
for Fox. The series revolves around two brothers: Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell) and
 Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller); Lincoln has been sentenced to death for a crime he d
 id not commit, while Michael devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison an
 d clear his name. Along with creator Paul Scheuring, the series is executive-produced by Mat
 t Olmstead, Kevin Hooks, Marty Adelstein, Dawn Parouse, Neal H. Moritz, and Brett Ratner who di
 rected the pilot episode. The series' theme music, composed by Ramin Djawadi, was nominated for
 a Primetime Emmy Award in 2006.[1] Prison Break is a joint production between Original Film, Ade
 lstein/Parouse Productions (seasons 1–4), Dawn Olmstead Productions (season 5), Adel
stein Productions (season 5), One Light Road Productions (season 5) and 20th Cent
ury Fox Television, and is syndicated by 20th Television.

The series was originally turned down by Fox in 2003, which was concerned about the 
long-term prospects of such a series. Following the popularity of serialized prime time
 television series Lost and 24, Fox decided to back production in 2004. The first season 
 received mostly positive reviews from critics with universal acclaim from audiences.[2] Fu
 rthermore, it performed exceptionally in the ratings and was originally planned for a 13-epis
 ode run, but was extended to include an extra nine episodes due to its popularity. The subse
 quent seasons continued to receive strong ratings, however some critics claimed the show had 
 overstayed its welcome.[3] Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards, including t
 he 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People's Choice Award for Favori
te New TV Drama, which it won. In the United States, all five seasons have been released on DVD and released on Blu-ray internationally.


	
Serial drama
Crime drama
Action thriller
Created by	Paul Scheuring
Starring	
Dominic Purcell
Wentworth Miller
Robin Tunney
Peter Stormare
Amaury Nolasco
Marshall Allman
Wade Williams
Paul Adelstein
Robert Knepper
Rockmond Dunbar
Sarah Wayne Callies
William Fichtner
Chris Vance
Robert Wisdom
Danay García
Jodi Lyn O'Keefe
Michael Rapaport
Mark Feuerstein
Inbar Lavi